in this video, we are going learn how to write
a simple script using python.
Here I will use a visual studio code, you
are free to use your favorite code editor
But if you want to follow me, you can
download visual studio code for free at code.visualstudio.com.
Okey, now let’s start writing a simple python
script.
First create a new file, then save the file.
Don't forget to use .py extension, because
this is a python script.
To display a simple word in python, we can
use print keywords, for example we want to
display a “hello world”.
With a very simple script like this, we can
display the “hello world”, okay now save
the file, and then open the command prompt.
go to the directory where we save the python
script, in this case I save it in the document,
try to dir to make sure that the python script
is in this directory, okay we can see the
python script here.
We can run the python script by typing python
script.py, script.py is the name of our file.
When we enter, we will get hello world like
this.
now let’s try to manipulate the script,
let’s add hello python.
Save the file, open the command prompt and
run the script again, here we get hello world
and hello python.
Okay, we have successfully write a simple
script using python.
Congratulations!
in the next video, we will learn how to import
mikrotik & cisco router to gns3.
Thankyou for watching and See you in the next
video